[DOCS] Removing datasource centric test_yaml_config doc (#7836)
great-expectations/great_expectations: docs/docusaurus/docs/terms/data_context.md

#### Configuration management

> The Data Context makes it easy to manage configuration of its own top-level components. It includes basic CRUD operations for all of the core components for a Great Expectations deployment (Datasources, Expectation Suites, Checkpoints) and provides access and default integrations with Data Docs, your Stores, Plugins, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Data Context includes basic create, read, update, and delete (CRUD) operations for the core components of a Great Expectations deployment. This includes Datasources, Expectation Suites, and Checkpoints. In addition, a Data Context allows you to access and integrate Data Docs, Stores, Plugins, and so on.
```

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/104205257/236823411-bb29b745-c39e-4a4e-866c-c3fd447fc69f.png)

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/104205257/236823894-f69cf0e1-b91b-44ae-b2d9-e84ce008a944.png)

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/104205257/236824132-639cf40a-c586-488f-906c-49cc3419f6c2.png)

Running `test_yaml_config()` will show some feedback on the configuration. The helpful output can include any result 
from the "self check" of an artifact produced using that configuration.  You should note, however, that `test_yaml_config()` never overwrites the underlying configuration.  If you make edits in the course of your work, you will have to explicitly save the configuration before running `test_yaml_config()`.

> For more detailed guidance on using the `test_yaml_config()` method, please see our guide on [how to configure DataContext components using test_yaml_config](../guides/setup/configuring_data_contexts/how_to_configure_datacontext_components_using_test_yaml_config.md).

Reviewer 2: The entire section `### Interactively testing configurations from your Data Context` is about `test_yaml_config()` -- do we want to remove this full section, instead of just the part with the link to the `test_yaml_config()` guide?

Author: good idea
